Let me go and let me agree to the proposal,
It's not impossible, but you will be laughed out loud.
As long as I am qualified, I will definitely come back.
It’s not that fast, you just need to,
Just give up.
Just think more.
How? Until now,
You don't have a term yet, you have weapons that people will analyze,
You find your data.
You sir, this is the lesson plan for hiding things.
If you just say it's okay, I'm going to,
Give you this lesson plan.
because of this period of time
I think if you go back
You can't go back at that point, right?
Come again at my place
In this way, it will be delivered to the intersection in front of the four seasons.
Then Bai Shu will send me back to the company.
Why do you want to keep following me longer?
Then guess
do you really know
I'll pretend
Just live broadcast
I still didn't go
Just go back